---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singlestoredb_workspace_group Data Source - terraform-provider-singlestoredb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve a specific workspace group using its ID with this data source.
---

# singlestoredb_workspace_group (Data Source)

Retrieve a specific workspace group using its ID with this data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "singlestoredb" {
  // The SingleStoreDB Terraform provider uses the SINGLESTOREDB_API_KEY environment variable for authentication.
  // Please set this environment variable with your SingleStore Management API key.
  // You can generate this key from the SingleStore Portal at https://portal.singlestore.com/organizations/org-id/api-keys.
}

data "singlestoredb_workspace_group" "this" {
  id = "7be43ca1-77bd-4075-9a21-f49d9079f8dc" # Replace with the actual ID of the workspace group.
}

output "this_workspace_group" {
  value = data.singlestoredb_workspace_group.this
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace group.

### Read-Only

- `allow_all_traffic` (Boolean) Indicates whether all traffic is allowed to reach the workspace group.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The name of the cloud provider used to resolve region. Possible values are 'AWS', 'GCP', and 'AZURE'.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the workspace group was created.
- `deployment_type` (String) Deployment type of the workspace group.
- `expires_at` (String) The timestamp when the workspace group will expire. Upon expiration, the workspace group is terminated and all its data is lost.
- `firewall_ranges` (List of String) A list of the allowed inbound IP address ranges.
- `high_availability_two_zones` (Boolean) Whether deployment across two Availability Zones is enabled.
- `name` (String) The name of the workspace group.
- `opt_in_preview_feature` (Boolean) Whether 'Opt-in to Preview Features & Updates' is enabled.
- `outbound_allow_list` (String) The account ID which must be allowed for outbound connections. This is only applicable to AWS provider.
- `region_id` (String) The unique identifier of the region where the workspace group is located.
- `region_name` (String) The region code name used to resolve region.
- `state` (String) The state of the workspace group.
- `update_window` (Attributes) Details of the scheduled update window for the workspace group. This is the time period during which any updates to the workspace group will occur. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_window))

<a id="nestedatt--update_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (Number) The day of the week (0-6), where 0 is Sunday and 6 is Saturday, when the update window is scheduled.
- `hour` (Number) The hour of the day, in 24-hour UTC format (0-23), when the update window starts.
