---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singlestoredb_workspaces Data Source - terraform-provider-singlestoredb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source provides a list of workspaces that the user has access to.
---

# singlestoredb_workspaces (Data Source)

This data source provides a list of workspaces that the user has access to.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "singlestoredb" {
  // The SingleStoreDB Terraform provider uses the SINGLESTOREDB_API_KEY environment variable for authentication. 
  // Please set this environment variable with your SingleStore Management API key.
  // You can generate this key from the SingleStore Portal at https://portal.singlestore.com/organizations/org-id/api-keys.
}

data "singlestoredb_workspaces" "all" {
  workspace_group_id = "f5356175-1ae7-4ef1-8356-43e3cfd9d12a" # Replace with the actual ID of the workspace group.
}

output "all_workspaces" {
  value = data.singlestoredb_workspaces.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace group.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `workspaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workspaces))

<a id="nestedatt--workspaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workspaces`

Read-Only:

- `auto_suspend` (Attributes) (If included in the output) Represents the current auto suspend settings enabled for this workspace. If autoSuspend has an empty value, then the auto suspend settings are disabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workspaces--auto_suspend))
- `cache_config` (Number) Specifies the multiplier for the persistent cache associated with the workspace. It can have one of the following values: 1, 2, or 4.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp indicating when the workspace was initially created.
- `deployment_type` (String) Specifies the deployment type for the workspace. It can have one of the following values: `PRODUCTION` or `NON-PRODUCTION`. If the value wasn't changed on creation, then the default will be `PRODUCTION`. If set to `NON-PRODUCTION`, the upgrades are only applied to the non-production workspaces.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to connect to the workspace.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace.
- `kai_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Kai API is enabled for the workspace.
- `last_resumed_at` (String) The timestamp indicating the most recent time that the workspace was resumed from suspension. If the workspace has never been suspended, this attribute will not be included in the output.
- `name` (String) The name of the workspace.
- `scale_factor` (Number) (If included in the output) The scale factor specified for the workspace. The scale factor can be 1, 2 or 4.
- `size` (String) The size of the workspace, represented in workspace size notation, such as 'S-00' or 'S-1'.
- `state` (String) The current state of the workspace.
- `suspended` (Boolean) A boolean value indicating whether the workspace is currently suspended. If true, the workspace is suspended; if false, the workspace is active.
- `workspace_group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace group that the workspace belongs to. This relationship is established when the workspace is created.

<a id="nestedatt--workspaces--auto_suspend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workspaces.auto_suspend`

Read-Only:

- `idle_after_seconds` (Number) (If included in the output) The duration (in seconds) the workspace must be inactive until it automatically suspends.
- `idle_changed_at` (String) (If included in the output) The timestamp when idleAfterSeconds was last changed.
- `scheduled_changed_at` (String) (If included in the output) The timestamp when scheduledSuspendAt was last changed.
- `scheduled_suspend_at` (String) (If included in the output) The timestamp when the workspace will be suspended.
- `suspend_type` (String) The type of auto suspend currently enabled.
- `suspend_type_changed_at` (String) (If included in the output) The timestamp when suspendType was last changed.


