---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singlestoredb_workspace_private_connections Data Source - terraform-provider-singlestoredb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List private connections attached to a specific workspace.
---

# singlestoredb_workspace_private_connections (Data Source)

List private connections attached to a specific workspace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "singlestoredb" {
  // The SingleStoreDB Terraform provider uses the SINGLESTOREDB_API_KEY environment variable for authentication.
  // Please set this environment variable with your SingleStore Management API key.
  // You can generate this key from the SingleStore Portal at https://portal.singlestore.com/organizations/org-id/api-keys.
}

data "singlestoredb_workspace_private_connections" "this" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

output "workspace_private_connections" {
  value = data.singlestoredb_workspace_private_connections.this
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `private_connections` (Attributes List) Private connections attached to the workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_connections))

<a id="nestedatt--private_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_connections`

Read-Only:

- `active_at` (String) The timestamp of when the private connection became active.
- `allow_list` (String) The private connection allow list.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the private connection was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The timestamp of when the private connection was deleted.
- `endpoint` (String) The service endpoint.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private connection.
- `kai_endpoint_id` (String) VPC endpoint ID for AWS.
- `outbound_allow_list` (String) The account ID which must be allowed for outbound connections.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the private connection service.
- `sql_port` (Number) The SQL port.
- `status` (String) The status of the private connection.
- `type` (String) The private connection type.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the private connection was updated.
- `web_socket_port` (Number) The websockets port.
- `workspace_group_id` (String) The ID of the workspace group containing the private connection.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the workspace to connect with.
