---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "singlestoredb_workspace_group Resource - terraform-provider-singlestoredb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage SingleStoreDB workspace groups with this resource.
---

# singlestoredb_workspace_group (Resource)

Manage SingleStoreDB workspace groups with this resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "singlestoredb" {
  // The SingleStoreDB Terraform provider uses the SINGLESTOREDB_API_KEY environment variable for authentication.
  // Please set this environment variable with your SingleStore Management API key.
  // You can generate this key from the SingleStore Portal at https://portal.singlestore.com/organizations/org-id/api-keys.
}

resource "singlestoredb_workspace_group" "this" {
  name            = "group"
  firewall_ranges = ["0.0.0.0/0"] // Ensure restrictive ranges for production environments.
  expires_at      = "2222-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  cloud_provider  = "AWS"
  region_name     = "us-east-1"
  admin_password  = "mockPassword193!"
  update_window = {
    day  = 6
    hour = 14
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `firewall_ranges` (List of String) List of allowed CIDR ranges. An empty list blocks all inbound requests. For unrestricted traffic, use ["0.0.0.0/0"]. Note that updates to firewall ranges may take a brief moment to become effective.
- `name` (String) Name of the workspace group.

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String, Sensitive) The admin SQL user password for the workspace group. If not provided, the server will automatically generate a secure password. Please note that updates to the admin password might take a brief moment to become effective.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The name of the cloud provider used to resolve region. Possible values are 'AWS', 'GCP', and 'Azure'.
- `deployment_type` (String) The deployment type that will be applied to all the workspaces within the workspace group. It can have one of the following values: `PRODUCTION` or `NON-PRODUCTION`. The default value is `PRODUCTION`.
- `expires_at` (String) The expiration timestamp of the workspace group. If not specified, the workspace group never expires. Upon expiration, the workspace group is terminated and all its data is lost. Set the expiration time as an RFC3339 UTC timestamp, e.g., "2221-01-02T15:04:05Z".
- `high_availability_two_zones` (Boolean) Enables deployment across two Availability Zones.
- `opt_in_preview_feature` (Boolean) If enabled, the deployment gets the latest features and updates immediately. Suitable only for `NON-PRODUCTION` deployments and cannot be changed after creation.
- `region_id` (String, Deprecated) The unique identifier of the region where the workspace group is to be created.
- `region_name` (String) The region code name used to resolve region.
- `update_window` (Attributes) Details of the scheduled update window for the workspace group. This is the time period during which any updates to the workspace group will occur. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_window))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the workspace was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace group.
- `outbound_allow_list` (String) The account ID which must be allowed for outbound connections. This is only applicable to AWS provider.

<a id="nestedatt--update_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_window`

Optional:

- `day` (Number) The day of the week (0-6), where 0 is Sunday and 6 is Saturday, when the update window is scheduled.
- `hour` (Number) The hour of the day, in 24-hour UTC format (0-23), when the update window starts.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = singlestoredb_workspace_group.this
  id = "3c0c0d99-3c09-45ac-a01f-5ab62afd35cf"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import singlestoredb_workspace_group.this 3c0c0d99-3c09-45ac-a01f-5ab62afd35cf
```
